OSDOCS-20040: Adds PlanPolicy to RHCL (#112905)
openshift/openshift-docs: deployment/rhcl-PlanPolicy.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
include::_attributes/attributes.adoc[]
[id="rhcl-PlanPolicy"]
= Configuring and deploying the PlanPolicy extension

> :context: rhcl-PlanPolicy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:context: rhcl-planpolicy
```
make this all lowercase, including the filename; AFIAK the repo doesn't support mixed cases (might cause some quirky issue)

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> The PlanPolicy extension provides plan-based rate limiting capabilities for Kuadrant. It enables you to define different service tiers (plans) with associated rate limits and automatically categorize authenticated 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a `PlanPolicy` extension, you can define different service tiers, or plans, with their associated rate limits and automatically categorize authenticated users into these plans.
```

> The PlanPolicy extension provides plan-based rate limiting capabilities for Kuadrant. It enables you to define different service tiers (plans) with associated rate limits and automatically categorize authenticated 

Reviewer: Tiers are also defined in a TokenRateLimitPolicy AFAIK, so we need to ask dev about that. There are two rate limiting policy objects (a generic one and a token one). The regular one defines the literal rate of requests allowed to be made to the backend server (like low or high). The token policy defines tiers, but I don't know that it interacts with a PlanPolicy (or if the PP is an alternative to the token policy).

include::modules/con-planpolicy-overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/proc-configuring-authentication-planpolicy.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/proc-deploying-planpolicy-rate-limiting.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> [id="additional-resources_rhcl-config-PlanPolicy_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> [id="additional-resources_rhcl-config-PlanPolicy_{context}"]

Reviewer: don't need any of these; this is where the doc is going

> [role="_additional-resources"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> == Additional resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_connectivity_link/latest/html/red_hat_connectivity_link/index[{prodname} documentation]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> //* xref:proc-installing-rhcl-olm_{context}[Installing {prodname} using the OperatorHub]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
